City
====

Here is where the player works: at city level.

The city is where the individuals live, families live and places are
located. The player is the mayor of the city. 

It can build constructions, control taxes, commercialize with other
cities (e.g, by buying/selling energy, water etc.)

If you increase taxes too much, families will not like: people usually
complain when the government raises taxes too much. 

Also, it can decrease the family own wealth. Families like to preserve
the wealth if they can't increase it, so, if the family can't preserve
its wealth too long, they will move to a neighbor city.

Construction building is good, but take care! Some industries can
increase pollution, thus decreasing the air quality and making
citizens complain. Also, an individual doesn't like much when you
destroy its house, or make a construction site near his house to build
something.

.. note::
   Building of commerce, industry and residence is done like most of
   simulation games do: with zones.

You can buy energy, water or trash treatment from other cities,
because, e.g individuals won't like a powerful power plant too near
their houses (maybe less powerful ones, like the wind ones, but they
aren't too strong) because of the sound or pollution, and they are
expensive.

However, the other city that will make the price. The minimal price is
the cost price, and the maximum depends on your neighbor. (The game
will have a chat, *soooo* both can negotiate this)

You can also sell those services from the cities you ask. Note that
you can sell only for immediate neighbors, and neighbors of those you
bought the energy from, so you need to do some planning, and in-game
conversation.

.. note::
   The "virtual cities" group will have one city that sells energy, one
   that sells water and other that sells trash treatment. Other cities
   will buy from them, but, when you start selling one of those, the
   cities will start buying from you.


Network
=======

The game will be playable locally, within a LAN or with the Internet.

You of your friends will be able to focus in an area, as long as
the basic needs (sufficient education, sufficient entertainment etc.)
are being fullfilled.

The only difference between LAN and Internet is that, when playing
with a LAN, the game server will generate "virtual cities", so that
you can focus in your area without needing to fullfill every need of
your citizens (they can go elsewhere, as long as they live in *your* city)
